Enchancing Metadata Support for SOAR (#118)
sunpy/sunpy-soar: changelog/118.feature.rst

> Added `detector` and `wavelength` attributes and enabled filtering with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for ``detector`` and ``wavelength`` search attributes and the ability to filter with them.
```
